so I was given a little tip from a
mentor who who said you have to get in
the earth you have to ground yourself so
I quit everything I stopped all the
distractions and all the indulgences and
the escape and I just started meditating
and started listening to wiser people
than me I started listening to you and
other B it's never a good thing it
worked it worked to some degree um but
you know you you realize there's so many
um there's there's so much information
that that you can uh so much wisdom and
and and education that that I hadn't
tapped into because I was
[Music]
distracted hey everybody so I have the
privilege today of speaking with Adrien
Grenier he's an American actor producer
director and musician best known for his
portrayal of Vincent Chase in the
television series Entourage which ran
from 2004 to 2011 he's appeared in a
variety of films drive me crazy in 1999
The Devil Wears Prada 200 2006 trashfire
2016 Marauders 2016 has an extensive
career acting and so we walked through
the um development of his career from
the time he was a street rat basically
in New York City through his education
at lag Guardia High School where he
studied film and acting and then through
his choppy career as an actor and not an
all-in actor until the time
he signed a contract with Entourage and
and hit the road running he became
spectacularly successful as a
consequence of that um and had all the
opportunities that go along with Fame
and Fortune and so we talked about that
we talked about radical shift that
occurred in his life um as a consequence
of him disappointing the woman that he
loved and what that did to him and how
that worked out he's now married he has
a son he's made a radical shift in his
life he's running a a a very interesting
long-term experiment he has some land
outside of Boston about 46 Acres he's
trying to learn how to put some of the
concerns he had on the environmentalist
activist front into actual practice and
he's grown up and that's what we talk
about fundamentally about the difference
between being immature and between being
mature and why the latter is actually an
improvement
so you're welcome to come along for the
ride so where where did you grow up
Adrian primarily in New York New York
City Upper West Side yeah I I I I guess
I moved there when I was about four
years old my mom uh moved me from New
Mexico where I was living with all my
cousins and uh my family there and then
she sort of snatched me away and thrust
me into the chaos of New
York and um that's where I spent the
rest of my life from about 4 to about 40
42 yeah slugging it out on the streets
of New York so what what did your mother
do my mother was a freef
flowing flower child of the 60s and 70s
and she was well she was she didn't just
move to New York she was really moving
away from her situation in New Mexico
which I didn't understand at the time
did she move alone she moved yeah as a
single mother okay okay were you raised
by a single mother correct okay single
mother uh only child in New York and now
now I'm being a father I I can't imagine
what she must have been thinking but I
don't think she was thinking I think she
was just moving it's it's a lot of work
children are a lot of work it's a hell
of a thing to take on by yourself yeah
so what were you like as a little kid
when you were when you moved to New York
what was it like for you yeah it it was
rough actually um I was very very
sensitive kid uh sweet um I would say
kind um gentle
shy and
um yeah I think those those sorts of
things what sort of school did you go to
so I I would go uh either to public
school or private school depending on
whether or not my mother who depending
on who my mother was dating so when if
she had a rich boyfriend I'd go to
private private school and then when she
was other people uh I'd go to public
school did you change schools a lot uh
fairly yeah I mean uh I went to one of
my formative years I went to Rudolph
Steiner uh which is like a Waldorf
School yeah formative like very very
important in in my development how old
were you when you did that second
through fourth grade and why was that
particularly important for you and and I
presume in a good way I think so yeah it
really uh helped
to Define my creativity
and like lock in my ability to see the
world you know not in a structured way
but to like really expand out into like
my ability to be creative and um
nonlinear what happened after you went
to the walor school so then my mom
couldn't afford it so she put oh no what
it was is the only drawback is they
weren't teaching me how to read so I was
in fourth grade and I still wasn't
learning to read and their philosophy is
they'll learn when they're ready and
then it'll you know really take hold
instead of forcing it and so I wasn't
learning to read my mom got nervous she
had a lot of people whispering in her
ear so then she put me into uh a
Catholic school with nuns and they beat
the reading into me hardcore yeah so I
was there for a year and I learned to to
read real quick did you learn to enjoy
it no no I learned uh yeah I mean wasn't
enjoyable to feel pressured into it and
I mean they were they were pretty
aggressive those nuns rulers and stuff
yeah when did you when did you start
acting so I actually found
acting when so I you know didn't grow up
with my dad so I wasn't particularly
sporty didn't have a lot of that uh at
my disposal I was actually quite Meek so
in in sports teams i' often get bowled
over or overlooked or benched and um but
I found a lot of comfort in the creative
arts so in theater and it was you know
about how you were feeling and and it
was a lot of camaraderie and and frankly
you could play in in fantasy and you
know put on different costumes and
characters which I took to quite well um
as an after school program and I did
that uh from sixth grade to to high
school and then I went to LaGuardia high
school which was one of the specialized
public schools at in New York um where
so there's Bronx Science and cyon and a
number of other schools that you had to
take tests to get into LaGuardia being
one of them but that was focused on
music art and Performing Art so how old
were you when you did that was high
school so yeah um
16 oh oh I see oh younger okay okay yeah
you go in there
I it's when I first started learning how
to dress myself you know pretty much you
you you go into high school and now it's
like oh I can't wear what my mom bought
me from the Gap I got to probably step
it up a little bit be a little cooler so
you were you start you started doing
creative work seriously when you were
something around 12 or 13 had you done
that before because you you got into
this High School on what basis did they
admit
you you audition so yeah monologues and
uh you know got in it's it's you know
it's a hard there's you know 3,000 kids
or however many kids are they still is
it still a selective school now do you
know still is yes yeah but you know
30,000 kids from the city audition and
they let in a hundred so it was pretty
competitive that's for sure yeah so what
do you think gave you an
edge I don't know I always had something
I guess um natural naturalness an
authenticity um I
always move move towards being just
really honest uh so I didn't put on any
performance I was
just finding the parts in myself that
were true to the the material and I
didn't overdo it so it felt like under
underplayed and real and what kind of
experience did you have acting before
you did your auditions after school
programs did like musical theater and
um uh yeah like we would put on a show
it was more of an after school progr
progr not professionally although you
know uh producers and agents started to
sniff around they started to notice me
and I just always rejected because I
didn't want to be an actor that's the
truth I didn't want to do it as a
profession uh still resisted to this
what did you want to
do I was more into music I think and
directing film making I I I loved to
so my friends and I in high school we
would make movies high8 cameras you know
you get a camera and you just start
filming and You' cut it you would do all
the editing within the camera yeah you
know wouldn't download it to a machine
or like edit it you would just okay
ready action and then you do one take
and then you change the angle and you
you shoot it in sequence and you edit as
you shot and this was at LaGuardia when
you my friends and I uh that's what we
do in the weekends we would make movies
and it didn't matter if if you were
holding the camera or if you were in
front of the camera or if you were
holding the boom or if you were climbing
up the side of the building to get the
cool shot you really um were able to
move throughout all the different roles
and I just loved the process so I was
always okay being in front of a camera
out of necessity because we're telling a
story but um I really had I you know
stories that I wanted to tell so
whatever it took to to get the job done
I was happy to do it but being an actor
you know the the ego of of like wanting
to be seen was never really my
motivation it was more just to tell
stories how is it that how is it then
that you became an actor what happened
and was that was that part and parcel of
what you learned at legoria well yeah I
had the skills the Bas Baseline skill
you know stanislowski method and all you
know all that stff tell me about the
stanislowski method oh man if I can
remember I mean stanislowski method was
really just about natural is naturalness
and um being authentic to the
circumstances of of the
material right so you're trying to make
the part your own yeah finding that the
parts in you that you come alive when
you're you know because there is all of
every character within
us was that explicitly taught at lag
Guardia like how do you I I don't know
how you learn to act how did you learn
to act yeah we we learn
techniques um certainly and then you
know that we put on scenes we put on
plays um at the end of the SEC like the
third and fourth year there you you do
plays whole plays M but by then I was
really moving towards the music scene
what did you play so I selftaught so I
was playing guitar bass and you know
eventually started playing
drums because I was autodidactic because
I had no formal training I I I had per
you know no rules so it's was just
whatever and it's rock and roll so you
know you learn three chords and you're
Off to the Races um I was in a band our
band in high school was called the
UFOs the unidentified funky
organisms and it was a lot of fun and
really loved the camaraderie and the
immediacy of Music whereas acting you
know you go and you rehearse and you
practice and then eventually maybe you
get on stage and there's an immediacy
when you're on stage film making is is a
lot longer you know lead time for your
gratification right music is like boom
you hit the drum and people feel it and
it's like really present and I really
enjoyed that so why did things expand
out for you on the acting side and
rather than say on the music side I mean
I know both of those are unlikely
careers so I went to college briefly and
I was taking film and they handed me a
bunch of books to read um on film and
they gave me a camera and they go go
make a go make a film come back and then
we'll critique
it and and I was like I'm paying you to
do that like my friends and I do that
like why would I pay all this money go
into debt for you to tell me what I can
do on my own I was pretty self-motivated
so I just I dropped out of school and
just started doing it myself this was
after leg Guardia after LaGuardia when
where where did you go to college and
you were there for how long a year oh
yeah so you were there for a whole year
but you felt that you could do this
essentially on your own or with your
friends yes exactly without having to
pay for it right and it was you know it
was a lot of money right so but you know
that wasn't the main that was one of the
reasons I dropped out the other reason
was love I I fell in love with a girl
who happened to be living in New York
and would have just rathered hang out
with her and spend time with her and she
she influenced me to just stay it was
like one one night I was supposed to go
back to school I was in the city and she
goes just stay and I just never went
back to school um where was the school
it was just two hours Upstate New York
okay okay I see but so I ended up uh
staying with her and that's a whole
another story I mean lost kid with a
girl it was just pretty d a destructive
relationship how old were you then 17 18
oh yeah 18
yeah um but once I got out of that you
know I I I got my first job
um it was funny I was living with her I
didn't expect to tell this story I was
living with her at her parents house who
had this huge apartment on the east side
it was like Sutton Place was like the
nicest place in New York and it was such
a big an apartment that they didn't even
know I was
there yeah so we were how long were you
there six months eight months a long
time long time but it was the
housekeeper that kicked me into gear she
was said she she was like what's wrong
with you boy you're a strong young boy
go out yourself and get yourself a job
you you need to get you I'm not doing
your laundry anymore so she
basically kicked some sense into me and
made me get a job which was my first job
where was your mother in the picture at
this point I'm sure she was pulling her
hair out not knowing what to do poor
thing I feel so bad at at that time in
her life I mean in retrospect she must
have been distraught by my behavior I
dropped out of school didn't have a job
with this girl who is a little bit why
did the girl put up with
you she was troubled she was more
troubled than me how about that okay and
I you know I thought you know I thought
I could save her and you know she could
barely save myself in the whole
situation y all right so this
housekeeper gave you a kick she did why
did why was she why did you listen to
her cuz she was doing my laundry and I
was like I you know it's like I need to
do something I I think I don't know I
just I knew that it was time and there's
there's always this voice deep down
inside it's like hey you know you got to
get yourself
together um but I I started waiting
tables typical you know starving actor
although I wasn't trying to act but as I
was waiting tables I was very rebellious
I wouldn't shave and this is back in the
90s and they didn't tolerate that at
restaurants like you had to be clean
shaven now it's hip like hipsters wear
beards at you know as waiters then you
had to be clean shaven I wouldn't do it
so the only jobs I ever got were these
shitty restaurants that were going out
of business or struggling so I wouldn't
make very much money so I had a lot of
time on my hands to think about my life
and it was in that moment I was like I
have to make a change I don't want to do
this for the rest of my
life and that's when I found some
motivation to try this acting thing and
so that's when you started attending
auditions correct formal auditions so I
called I don't know if I had agent at
the time maybe I did but I wasn't I was
blowing off auditions I was just not
motivated but in this case I was like
okay I'm getting the next job that I go
on next audition I'm going to book and I
did and that was the first film that I
so how are you spending your forget
about the restaurant jobs how are you
spending your days during that period
what what were you actually
doing oh that's that's a dark you want
to go there well not well I'm curious
because you know part of part of what I
like to understand about people is how
they find their pathway forward how they
find their motivation and you you
stopped going to school you were with
this girl you were in love with her you
were hoping that something would come
out of that although that seems not to
have made itself
manifest
so and you were living in her apartment
you ended up with low paying jobs
beginner jobs what was going through
your mind at the time
were you were you angry like no I was
just romantic you know I thought like we
were going to be in love and you know
and there's this I guess this starving
Nar starving artist idea you know we
have to
be you know living low to ground just
like finding our food sleeping in the
streets you know there's like sort of a
romantic it was this like New York thing
I'm a street you know I'm living in the
streets and we would like we would hang
out in the streets and you know find
places to sleep and it was cool and I
felt
cool um you ever see that movie
kids no I don't believe so har K is it
um maybe he wrote
it it's it's it's a movie that whenever
I watch it it's like pure Nostalgia it's
like oh my God that's exactly how it was
you can just watch the preview it's it's
gnarly and because they and was it
filmed in New York fil in New York and
they and a lot of the kids in the movie
I knew cuz they were basically taking
real kids from the streets and then
making a little story around these hood
rats you know and and these were all the
kids that I knew and hung out with some
of them were a little bit too scary for
for my crew but we knew who they were
and it was just romantic and the kids
just running on the streets like no
fathers you know single mothers and all
these kids
just finding a place to drink a beer
really MH and and in New York City there
are no Parks I mean there's Central Park
but you're it's Stoops and abandoned
buildings you know that we'd break into
at this time it was still the 90s so
that it hadn't been completely
gentrified
yet so yeah there's a cool factor to it
like rock and roll and punk and um you
know I met the girl that I'm talking
about I met her
at on the in a mosh pit at
cbgbs when she was like 13 I was like 14
you know and so that was just the you
the vibe the it was
cool so it felt like it at least yeah
well maybe it was I mean it's not
obvious what you have to go through when
you're young to get your head screwed on
straight so well I it took me 20 more
years before I finally did yeah yeah
well congratulations on managing it at
all yeah thank you yeah all right so are
you or someone you know fighting the
battle against cancer for the last 25
years in Vita medical centers have been
pioneering personalized cuttingedge
treatment programs for patients all over
the world invita has been the leader for
patients looking for advanced
immunotherapy and genetically targeted
therapies all while focusing on fewer
side effects and better patient outcomes
as a global leader in oncology care
invita is committed to healthcare
freedom for all they've spearheaded a
revolution in employer health insurance
options empowering companies to provide
their employees with access to not only
Top Doctors Hospitals and Technologies
but also the first ofit kind Nationwide
personalized medicine coverage invita is
doing all of this plus offering
significant tax and cost savings full
transparency and Liberation from the
grip of commercial insurance carriers
whether you're a patient in need or a
company looking to break free of
monopolized healthcare insurance invita
could have the solution for you to learn
more about their treatment options visit
inv vita.com or visit invit health.com
to learn more about their company
insurance programs that's inv spelled
nv.com for treatment options or invita
health.com to learn more about their
company insurance
programs all right so you took these
restaurant jobs were they good for
anything no no no I just I I had to get
out of that and when I booked my first
um film that was that was it I just
started acting and I was still keeping
it pretty humble I would do a job a year
I'd make more money than I'd ever seen
50 Grand
you know do to do a
movie and then I just make it last for
the year and i' still play with the
music so what was your first movie It's
called The Adventures of Sebastian
Cole how old were you when you did that
2021 yeah and did you have did it sounds
like you had more offers than you took
up oh yeah I screwed up a lot of offers
I could be a lot more famous than I am
today but I just I always reject there's
something that just didn't trust
Hollywood I was always like it seems
shady it seems shady I
and uh so I resisted I resisted I
resisted it wasn't until and I had
opportunities I did but um I was bike
messengering for a while like I I would
would rather do anything than have to
act if I didn't have to what what well
that's it's strange well it's strange in
some ways because you obviously have a
knack for it you you were rewarded for
it when you went into the selective High
School you you got Parts when you
auditioned so you obviously knew what
you were doing and even you said that
you weren't necessarily reliable in
consequence of the additions but the
offers kept coming yeah so it matched
your ability
so what was it about the well and even
it it even you would think to some
degree it would match the romance too
you know because you
were in in principle you had made films
you were sort of artist on the street
and so like what the hell was wrong with
some success what what was it that
stopped you from that do you think
nothing stopped me I mean it happened
anyway despite myself but I was
resistant to it I guess I did not want
to be someone else's Pawn you know I
didn't want to be someone just like a a
sort of a vapid shell for someone else
to use for their stories I had things
that I wanted to say in fact to just
underscore the whole
thing Entourage which is what I'm most
known
for um kept coming at me to come
audition and I kept ignoring
it and it wasn't until I was in
Mexico on my way to Cuba I was I going
to sneak into Cuba to make a documentary
about Cuban hipop which I found super
interesting at the time and I had about
$1,000 left from the last movie I did
six months ago and I was like I could
probably make this $ thousand stretch to
make this film come home get a job and
then make the movie on the side or you
know work on the side the documentary
the documentary yeah and when I was
there I I would visit the internet cafe
this is back when you know they didn't
have we didn't have cell phones and all
that jazz so i' go to the Internet cafe
to check my email every couple of days
and my my manager he said you have to
read this and if you don't come back to
LA to audition you can find a new
manager so essentially he laid down the
law and I knew on some level that if I
kept turning my back on Hollywood it
would find another when did you go from
New York to LA I well I never
technically lived in La I always stayed
in New York but I did spend a lot of
time there shooting the film but I was I
kept my residence in New York all right
so you were doing you were doing
sporadic movies correct you were
obviously successful in that so that
people were aware you your name got
around how did how did you come up on
the Entourage Hit List yeah it was um
indie films a lot of indie films like
Sundance darling that kind of thing I
did a couple of teenie bopper movies so
I had a little bit of clout in Hollywood
um but here's this unique role where
someone has to play a
celebrity and all celebrities who would
be celebrities would be good for the
role are already celebrities and would
never do this uh pilot which it was at
the time um or they'd want more money
than the budget would account for so you
had to find someone who embodied like
who had
that that celebrity Charis Charisma
there you go yeah and I and I guess part
of my nonchalant and me ignoring
them made them think well this who is
this guy like he's you know he must be
something right and when my manager sort
of put the you know the law down and I I
said okay I I'll come but can you send
me a plane ticket flew me out and and
this was this was what what year how old
were you then I'm about
28 okay and so you spent nine years
before before you had what would you say
solid reliable
continual wealth yes wealth yes and work
you were working sporadically a project
a year something like Mak me but you
know I lived in a an apartment with a
bunch of other you know room mates
and so I was just living really you know
Meek right right right and you weren't
interested in money
no I mean I I have much more respect for
money now you are you are definitely a
strange actor you don't want the
spotlight and you're not interested in
money yeah so it so that that that's a
hard thing to square with a career in
acting God bless actors I I don't always
get along with them I think for the
reason for those reasons you know when I
you it feels like it's about them and
what they want and they're the they're
the instrument well they're the Stars
you know well you know what kind of goes
along with the territory I mean people
in media people in politics people in
entertainment they tilt towards
narcissism and I'm not saying that in an
insulting way I mean every personality
constellation has its Associated vices
you know and if you're if you're going
to want to be on camera if you're going
to be want to be around
people that's one of the things that
tilts you in the direction of it sort of
being about you and and if you're a
charismatic personality and you're an
actor you're going to attract people
around you who facilitate that
development let's say and so it's it's
part and parcel of the territory but
you're not really temperamentally like
that oh I cultivated my narcissism okay
yeah yeah no I definitely found that
part within me that was the character
vinc and I and I you know C you know
they say actors get lost in their
characters right yeah and I did and how
long did on Ro Run 10 years right right
yeah so that's a very major chunk of
time oh yeah yeah well so walk me
through that so you got your plane
ticket you went out to LA what happened
then got the part when my manager found
out that I got the part he walked in the
room and I and I had no place to stay I
had no car so I'm in his
office checking my email again and he he
walks in and he was the first person to
call me Vince he's like Vince and I knew
I got the part and I hung my
head because I knew that it was going to
totally change my life in ways that I
didn't know if I really wanted and I
knew that I was going to have to commit
to this because he used to tell me he
like you don't even know what you don't
know like you're going to have access
and women and money all these things he
was you know managing other famous
people so he understood and he's like
you you don't even know you want it but
when you get it you'll know you want it
you know you'll know it's
great and it was going to change my life
and because it's a commitment when you
audition for something like that you
have to sign a six-year contract right
right so you're already committed before
they even give you the role and it did
it changed my life entirely and I had to
learn to be that celebrity or my own
version my own expression of That
Celebrity and then with the success of
the show and the popularity of the
characters and people would come up to
me and you know instant approval instant
you walk into a room and you know yay
you know you get that attention that um
the that just acceptance had that
happened to you at all before I mean
you'd had some success as a as a as an
actor before that but not not not like
that oh totally different yeah I mean
and you were so you were about 28 you
said when this 28 27 28 okay so you're
not a kid when this happened so that's
something so all right so now you have
what in you said instant accessibility
instant approval MH right tell me about
the character that you played and how
that tangled up into
that yeah so Vince is a celebrity who's
you know very very nonchalant
and you know the the whole um the whole
uh them theme is if this doesn't work
out if all the fame and fortune doesn't
work out I can always move back to
Queens so it was like a
perfect talk about typ cast right I mean
all the characters have that's very
strange we're all New York kids and you
know and our and we we were all very
well-cast you know but I think that's
partly they were writing the character
to reflect me oh yeah okay and partly
that was the character that was because
right so that's fun trying to
distinguish your actual life from your
role it was more fun to blur the
lines um because you start
to acques to people's wanting you to be
the character oh do shots with us right
like yeah okay I'll you know do some
shots with these guys and I'm I like
people so yeah and then you know then
there's the the the pitfalls and the the
women and the and the you know and I
started to believe that that was the way
it's supposed to be right you mean
supposed to be meaning of success Vince
gets all the girls and the money and the
power and the fame and um and that was
appropriate and good and as as his star
rose my star rose and it just became
easier and easier to say yes to the
indulgences and I got really good at it
whereas before I was leery of it yeah
you get you know you allow yourself to
enjoy it um um you know very easily
becomes easy to say
yes what especially when it's Justified
well you're the celebrity of course you
know you get you get the accolades you
must know a little bit about that
yourself I mean your this all happened
to me when I was pretty old oh right so
I mean I I was laboring under some
degree of obscurity till I was about 50
you know 53 54 so you know I I was
already fairly cemented into place by
the time I that's right yeah right right
and you know I I have a very tight
family and a very tight network of
friends and so that's also made a
substantial difference to me I don't
know what it would have been like to
have encountered that sort of thing when
I was much younger I mean I probably
would have been wild especially if I
would have done it before I quit
drinking so I quit drinking when I was
about 25 26 something like that you know
and that straightens out your life
pretty radically but I was pretty wild
you know when I was drinking so right so
so I you know growing up in New York
there's a little bit of nihilism Godless
you know and th this was now the overlay
of my my e my ego which was see you know
I am the man I you know I got the part
and people are you know approval the
proving of me yeah so it just yeah well
it's a very difficult thing
I mean I don't know exactly how it is
that you can
resist part of being socialized is to
pay attention to what others think of
you right I mean that's part of being in
the loop for accepting social feedback
and normally you know you're not carried
around on the should shoulders of others
constantly but you found yourself in
that situation essentially it's like it
isn't obvious to me how people can
withstand that um I've talked to Russell
Brand a little bit about that because he
was spectacular ular ly successful and
also you know um what would you say in
the market for whatever repetitive um
urges might make themselves manifest and
so you know he's talked to me a little
bit about that and he paid a I would say
a relatively heavy price for that he and
I might have been friends if we weren't
competing for the same chicks aha did
you know him in did you know him in La
we we cross paths a few times uhuh uhuh
all right so now you're in now now so
this is very interesting you resisted
this and now you're now you you were
spending your primary amount of time in
LA when when when Entourage was 6 eight
months a year and then I go back to New
York and by the way you didn't have a
house in La I had a house but that I
stayed when I was there yeah yeah okay
okay I kept my New York address and I
got mail there and my bills there so um
pay taxes
there
so so funny enough like I
um you you should you should check out I
actually made a documentary so I
simultaneously while I'm on this ride
and I'm finding more and more excuses to
indulge and enjoy the lifestyle I was
maintaining a sense of my goodness by
doing environmental work and starting
Charities and making documentaries and I
still had a band the whole time in fact
the band really uh got popular after
that even though we might not have
deserved it otherwise um so I I still
had my other life which kept me feeling
like I was not not swept up in that
whole thing right
right but not really recognizing how
much I really was
um you know
captured okay so then so why not be
captured like I mean you were successful
you got the part uh the part was
successful the the um the series was
successful and you have these things
that are laid at your feet so what's the
problem with indulging it you know I
thought I was going to live my whole
life uh in that lifestyle and I couldn't
figure out a way like my logic mind
could not understand why I would do it
any other way yeah
um I didn't I didn't believe believe in
God I didn't you know I I was I was open
and poly and you know liberal and and I
thought I was a good person I really did
um it wasn't
until I was in my
40s and the love of my life who I was
dating at the time she dumped me she and
she UN in no uncertain terms said you
are the worst you're you know you need
to look at and she gave me a list she
even did she she she was a you know she
was thorough she was nice enough to give
me a list take a look at how you're
drinking take about how you're using sex
take take a look at all these things see
I lose my
number and I it was almost like a glitch
in The Matrix I was like you know for a
second I was like what there was
something off like how is it that this
girl she was young you know and she she
didn't like here I am the the powerful
Rich famous person who is Justified in
everything I'm doing because I also do
charity and she's leaving me I could
give her everything access we could fly
PL like we do everything go around the
world anything and she's leaving
meh so that was like weird but I was
like all right I'll find another girl
not a not a problem but it stayed with
me and because I loved her and respected
her so much much why did you respect
her cuz I
knew I knew that she was honest and I
knew that she
was she wanted what's best for
me I see so she actually loved you yeah
oh well that's
annoying yeah yeah and she and it stayed
with me and um and you said that the
charity work you did and so forth now
you you're you're implying
that at least in part that that was an
what would you say a moral flag to fly
while you're living an immoral
life yeah yeah yeah um did did you know
that at the time no I literally I
legitimately believed
that I'm glad that I'm the famous person
with the access and the money because I
can actually make the world a better
place because I have a good heart yeah
and I think this is like my mother
telling me Oh you're a good you know
that's a whole another Sidetrack but you
know moms that love their kids they tell
them they're good yeah and no one ever
told me that I was bad or that I could
be so I never really got to connect into
the part of me that was treacherous and
destructive and selfish CU I always just
imagine and this girl she alerted you to
that oh yeah yeah and did that happen be
like were there hints of that before the
breakup
there was a looming dread in my life
like life is perfect wait a minute why
is my life perfect there's nothing wrong
with my life like the I was just waiting
for the other shoe to drop I'm like well
is it is it death is that what I'm just
afraid of or is there what is it there's
something that I'm not connecting into
and quite frankly
um I
mean I was all head I was all intellect
and groin as all headand like I
didn't have any feeling in here I didn't
have any intuition I was totally
disconnected from now you tied that you
tied that at least provisionally to your
mother's um insistence that you were
essentially good right so you hadn't
been called on your
misbehavior well I think that when I was
younger there was some traumatic things
that happened to me that um were so
painful that sort of dissociated and
decided I didn't want to feel anymore
this this is what I've come to realize
when I've now later in life
after
taking my ex now
ex-girlfriend's um list and then
starting to
investigate and so what I did
was a hard thing I cut out all of the
distractions all of the addictions and
consumptions and you know no no no
alcohol no sex you know was selib it for
a long time
and basically removing everything that
was keeping me you know my dopamine hits
high yeah were you still working on
Entourage during this time no no so that
this was this is after this that came to
an end yes were you involved in any
other acting Endeavor No in fact I quit
acting during this period uhhuh I called
my agent and I I said I I need some time
to figure some stuff out so I don't want
you to waste your time putting me up for
things CU I'm I'm just not going to work
for a while MH burst into tears because
it was like who am I now right what am I
right and that began began a
multi-year process of me well first of
all you know cutting out all the
distractions enough for me to see what
was going on inside
and
um grounded come down to earth and start
to realize that I had a lot of pain I
had a lot
of uh childhood trauma that I was
not you know that I that was
metastasized inside of
me
and and so that really began my steps
towards I think growing
up did you know fast growing trees is
the biggest online Nursery in the US
with more than 10,000 different kinds of
plants and over two million happy
customers they have everything you could
possibly want including fruit trees
Evergreens house plants and more find
the perfect fit for your climate and
space fast growing trees makes it easy
to order online your plants are shipped
directly to your door in 1 to 2 days
along with their 30-day alive and Thrive
guarantee I just overhauled my front
yard with all new spring blooms and fast
growing trees really save the day with
their fast delivery and professional
consultation we saved so much time and
hassle not having to go to a nurse
and our hydrangeas and lavender plants
arrived in beautiful condition whether
you're looking to add privacy shade or
natural beauty to your yard fast growing
trees has in-house experts ready to help
you make the right selection growing and
Care advice is available
24/7 this spring shop their best deals
online and get up to half off on select
plants listeners of Jordan show get an
additional 15% off their purchase with
code Jordan at checkout that's 15% off
at fastgrowingtrees.com with promo code
Jordan checkout fastrowing trees.com
code Jordan offer is valid for a limited
time terms and conditions May
apply and so what did that what did what
did that look like growing up as far as
you're concerned what what changed I
mean you said you you you started to cut
out the distractions the addictions the
the immediate Pleasures yes and you did
that at least in part because of the
list this girl left you mhm yeah yeah
well she was very explicit she's a smart
intuitive woman so she knew exactly
where where I should look so she gave me
a map and I started to look and she was
right you know
and it was just opening up the door
though and then there you know the the
path was long deep and dark I mean it
went to you know multi-year Dark Night
of the soul
and you know had to come come out the
other end awkward and finding you know a
new way of being in the world without
all of the
yeah and so so what did that new way
involve what changed I mean I know you
stopped like there's the things you
stopped doing yeah but that just leaves
well that leaves an emptiness in your
life I mean that's the problem with
cutting out anything that's let's call
it addictive it's like well that's how
you spend your time so now you stop
doing that you don't even have the same
friends anymore so what I realized is I
didn't want to die alone I wanted a
family uhhuh I wanted partnership I
wanted to have children
H how come you hadn't known that
before my dad left yeah
um I didn't you know life is scary life
is upsetting I didn't believe that that
was a honorable Pursuit I thought it was
a tragic
Pursuit the purs I didn't think I could
be a good father oh I see I didn't know
if I was going to be able to be there
for my kid and right and yeah well you
would have that doubt if your father
left because how the hell would you know
you didn't have the model in fact you
have the reverse model well and I was
selfish too like I really just wanted
pleasure I was hedonistic I was seeking
you know the next hit you know and not I
you know I still adolesent Punk yeah I
still that punk from the streets yeah
yeah um just with more stuff and more
opportunity right right right yeah which
isn't necessarily an advantage if if if
the path you're on is like scattering
you everywhere yeah all right so how
long did you spend sorting yourself out
two two and a half years
[Music]
um I you know I confronted a lot and I
realized that
I so I was given a little tip from a A
Healer from a mentor who
who said you have to get in the earth
you have to ground yourself like be in
the
soil
and she I I was like all right so what I
did I actually had a place here in
Austin um on the on the east side I had
a little Bungalow with a little camper
so I quit everything I stopped all the
distractions and all the indulgences and
the escape and I just started meditating
and started listening to wiser people
than me I started listening to you and
other Doubt's never a good thing it
worked it worked to some degree um but
you know you you realize there's so many
um there's there's so much information
that that you can uh so much wisdom and
and and education that that I hadn't
tapped into because I was distracted and
so I was seeking advice from elders and
counsel from friends and and starting to
orient myself with people who I saw as
having living a life that I think that I
might want so I changed my friend
group and just started dming them and
and L luckily for me because I'm
somewhat famous people would
respond and anyway this one woman she's
like you need to ground yourself and get
in the earth so what I did is I moved
into my camper and I lived there for a
year small little 50 squ foot camper
whatever it was and I started building a
community garden and I was just digging
in the soil and planting and digging and
working meditating and cooking in an
open fire and people I grew a beard and
then the pandemic
hit and I was like perfect like I'm
already you
know Solo in isolation I don't it didn't
it didn't affect me at all it didn't
change anything I just kept doing the
work kept doing the work got really
healthy worked out
and um it worked I mean the the
grounding was profound and that's when I
realized that I wanted to change my
whole life to be closer to Nature all
this environmental activism that I was
doing this legislation and hearts and
minds and you know consumer behavior all
that stuff that I was doing un
environment Ambassador all that stuff
was just so out there it was like
outside of myself what I wanted to do
was just do the work like be learn the
skills to
actually support the Earth like right
here right
now you know and I realized how much I
didn't respect and appreciate what
farmers do and I was like I I want them
to make all these changes for the
environment but I don't even understand
what they do why they do what they do
and why they would choose one thing over
another so I said this is what I'm doing
I'm going to I'm going to be the one
that knows about farming I'm going to be
the one that knows how to grow food and
build a skill so that I can feed
myself I
can feed my family take care of myself
and my family and what was happening on
the Romantic side during this period
utterly alone sad
lonely and and by the way like I you
know cut out porn and you know no
masturbation so I didn't even have that
you know I'm you know sitting there just
with
myself and
you know and I know that I knew that was
a big um distraction as well
um yeah why' you stick with
it
well so there's one one time I was um I
think I was going to can or something
the can film festival and I hitched a
ride on this billionaires private plane
and he was 80 he was old and gray hair
and he gets on the plane and he has like
six hot young models with
him and at the my me my mentality at the
time I was like damn this guy's the man
like look at him he's he's 80 and he's
still got it Y and there was just a
little voice in my head it's like I hope
I can still do that when I'm his age a
little voice and then I realized Adrien
you do whatever you want whatever you
say happens you can manifest you
know you know that you will have that
and it just it like really shuttered me
I was like holy wait a minute I
don't want that I realized in that
moment I was like that's exactly what I
don't want and so I started to
rewrite what I actually why did you
figure that out like I mean you said you
know your first impression was it's like
Hugh Hefner and his blonde chicks going
around Europe I mean what fun for
everyone I watched that show a couple of
times and I thought might have been on
that
episode yeah well it it seemed like a
pretty disable form of hell to me so
yeah
and well why well none of it's real I
guess that's the fundamental issue is
none of it's real there's there's and
and maybe that's part of that longing
that you described for a longterm
relationship for kids yeah I wrestled
with these questions I was like what do
I really want why do I want it and you
know
pushing up against my impulses my
instincts the carnal part of me that
wanted me to keep doing the same things
but as I started to re you know what it
was
also I wanted
to I wanted to protect and take care
of I wanted to be a
protector I didn't want to be the one
that's a really different role than user
yeah yeah and and because this is coming
off of the inspiration that my
ex-girlfriend gave me which was take a
look at yourself you've hurt me and I
saw her tears I saw the pain that I
caused her and when I got over the fact
I like you know you made your choices
yeah you you chose to be with me I told
you who I was right when I started to
realize that I was not taking care of
her and that I was actively
hurting her I didn't want to be that
person mhm and then when I finally had
an Awakening like I mean does she know
that all this this happened to you in
the aftermath of her note she does are
you still in touch we
are yeah is she married she
is does she have kids she
does we we we both happen to have a kid
with the same name oh
hm so okay so so run me up into that you
obviously met
someone well her son is my son so we
ended up getting back together oh you
did yeah oh hm how long did that take
took a long time it took a long time so
I had to you know I had to become a new
thing a new person and totally change
everything
um and then I had to convince her that I
had changed how much age difference is
there between you 18 17 years I see okay
yeah and she wasn't having I mean she
she was like yeah right you know yeah
right yeah well that sort of changed
that's a lot of change yeah yeah and
this was during the pandemic and she was
in Europe and I had to pull a lot of
strings to like get to see her
and she was at arms length
um for a long time and I had to
consistently show up as the new me mhm
while she's poking and proud me making
sure that how long did you have to do
that it was a year and a half yeah you
know and so she put you through your
Paces well and also I'm like like I'm
not I'm not I'm s I'm not dating anyone
I'm not distracted I will spare no
expense and I will take as long as it
takes for us to heal without any
expectation that we're going to you know
be together and keep in mind like I I've
been celibate for you know almost a year
or eight months and then when we're with
her she's like okay well you you know if
you're going to be dating anyone I don't
want to even talk to you I was like all
right so I basically had to double down
until we um you know many years many
months
later finally had some breakthroughs and
I I wasn't expecting to be back with her
but
we we fell in love again a new we we
fell in love where were you when we fell
in love again yeah
yeah so this was in Portugal yeah and
that was just the beginning of of of a
new
romance and um and she tested me and I
and I was struggling still because it
hadn't really it was new I was like a
toddler trying to walk for the first
time you
know and and and then
eventually um she moved to Austin and
then we I told her I wanted to buy some
land I wanted to do this life and I and
I I've been holding off I've been
waiting to to to to move into land until
my partner showed up in my life so that
we could make that choice together so
that it would be ours as opposed to the
old Dynamic was look at this is my life
and you can enter it but like I have I
hold all the cards and it's all my stuff
and you're just you know like to be here
right right this is now
ours and and when she came to Austin
and it things just clicked they started
clicking it it I was definitely on the
right path because everything was just
unfolding in such
Serendipity we went and found a piece of
land it was beautiful she fell in love
with it I fell in love with it and then
you know now we've been we've been back
together for three and a half years got
married we have a kid and how old is
your child almost one 11 months what's
that been like you're happy about that
how are you as a father huh how are you
as a father I'm a great father how
come because I'm in service
yeah yeah and I'm that's a good deal I'm
here I'm I I've designed my life
so that I could be there with him and
with her and and so reimagine what my
life could be and it's on land we have
46 Acres we're building a little nature
Community we have a number of homes
we're inviting people to live there we
have agriculture projects that are all
supporting you know the whole project
and and I get to do that work every day
so it keeps
me uh grounded what kind of work do you
do so learning all the skills or trying
to learn I I'm I'm certainly definitely
still an apprentice of the land I'm you
know I'm spent 40 something years in New
York and now I'm just right trying to
keep things alive and learning you know
about you know the snakes and how to
Wrangle them and not try and kill
everything that scares me but try and
move against it and um be brave in those
moments and and fail and still keep at
it and all my mentors and Farmers uh
mentors and friends are are farmers and
I just you know sent a bunch of texts
this morning like hey there's a storm
coming you know should we prepare like
you know what what should we do and just
getting a lot of advice and by the way
these farmers are dying they're
desperate for young people to care about
what they're doing they looking for
someone to pass down their knowledge and
their wisdom there's just not a lot of
people who are wanting to do that
everyone wants to move to the cities and
be fancy or something so it just feels
good the father I never had are in the
all the older men that are now my
mentors homesteaders and
Farmers so what do I do now I I I I work
the land and and build this community
and um so what does a typical day look
like well you wake up I I usually take
Seiko in the morning my son um and we we
go out on the land he and I um let out
the Ducks take the dogs and make you
know take them for a walk um and he and
I spend some time together until his my
wife wakes up and then she takes over
and then I work with the Ben who works
on the land and we we have um we have
our little laboratory what I call it
sort of our uh place to experiment we
have a food forest and grapes we're
making some wine and annual Garden Food
um some animals feed the
animals and then also I get to still be
creative because I get to tell the story
so I have a a channel called Earth speed
and so we're telling stories from the
land and um that's a is that a YouTube
channel how how does that work YouTube
Instagram yeah yeah okay okay but
continuing to tell stories as a
filmmaker I'm making a documentary right
now um so I get to both be present be
with my
family I get to continue my work
grounding myself
into hard skills primitive skills of
survival and
protection um and you know forget the
philosophy where I think that we should
all be a little bit closer to Nature and
closer to each other in
community um it it's just I get to build
that and build that model that maybe
will serve my local community and might
be a model for others to replicate
someday so where where is your land just
outside of Austin how far out 30 minutes
and is it is it near is it near a town
is it truly rural I don't tell people
where it is we have had I'm still famous
we still we have had some soccers but um
it's cute little there's a lot of really
cute um historic towns in Texas so we
have a historic town uh which is a 30
minute float down the Colorado River and
um we have Springs and we get to sewer
it because there's a lot of development
out there so there's a lot of tracked
homes HOAs coming in and just
clearcutting everything and then putting
all these generic houses so we get to
actually preserve and um Steward that
land as it's meant to be you know with
as natural
and so and how long have you had this
piece of land three years uhhuh so so
that's starting to be a reasonable
length of time how how's your how does
your wife feel about all this she is she
happy with you yes she is she is she is
yeah finally she's you know and she and
I get to now um sit with her as
she um heals the deeper layers of of of
herself you know because these you know
women in our culture they're on guard
you know and there not a lot of valiant
men holding space for them to be able to
do the healing that they need to do and
that's my biggest honor is that I get to
hold space for her to be the best mom
she can be for my
son more kids on the horizon oh yeah
yeah oh yeah right so that's a plan and
that that's a real possibility yeah well
congratulations thank you that's a good
deal yeah thanks yeah well look that's
that's an hour that's a good place to
end um for everybody watching and
listening I'm going to continue this
conversation with Adrian on The Daily W
side for another half an hour um I think
I'll talk to him more about what he's
doing with the land and what the why
that's useful why that's different from
what he did on the environmentalist side
um why he finds it preferable to his old
life so if you're inclined to to
accompany us on that Journey then jump
on over to the Daily W side of things
it's I suppose useful to throw them the
bone of your support in any case because
they make these podcasts possible and
they're uh pretty decent fighters on the
side of free speech so that's my pitch
for the daily wire for today thank you
very much to the film crew here um in
Austin because that's where we are today
thank you very much sir for that was a
lot that was a lot to walk through much
appreciated and so everybody you can
join us on the da daily wire side yep
and otherwise we'll see you soon
[Music]